Stop right now. Count how many AI
subscriptions you are paying for this
month. ChatGBT Plus, that's 20 bucks.
[music] Claude Pro, another 20. 11 Labs
for voice, that's 50 more. Your AI video
generator, probably60, 70, $80. I just
described over $200 in monthly
subscriptions, and we have not even
touched your image tools or coding
assistance yet. In the next 10 minutes,
I am going to show you how I slashed
that entire stack down to $7. Not by
using worst tools, but by accessing
better ones. GPT5, Colad Opus, Gemini
Ultra, the absolute top tier models, all
inside one dashboard that actually
outsmarts you on which AI to use. This
is Chat LLM [music] by Abacus AI. And
yes, they are sponsoring this, but I am
showing you exactly why I reached out to
them, not the other way around. Open a
new tab right now, chat llm.abacus.ai,
AI or hit the first link below because
once you see this workflow in action,
you're going to want to build with me in
real time. Look, here's the real pain
nobody talks about. You finally sit down
to create, you need a script, so you use
chat GPT, but for a voice over, you have
to export, sign into 11 Labs, upload,
download, drag into your editor. Need
B-roll? Another site, another render,
another download. You spend 45 minutes
just shuffling files between tabs.
>> [music]
>> And every single one of those tabs is
charging you monthly forever. For
creators, especially here in the US,
trying to build something real, this is
bleeding you dry while slowing you down.
Let me pull up Chat LLM. First thing you
notice, clean, no clutter. But look what
lives here. GPT5, 2 Pro, Claude Opus 4,
6, [music]
Gemini 3, 1 Pro, Llama 4. The models you
actually want. All native, all instant.
But here is the psychological unlock
that sold me. It's called root LLM.
Watch this. I type a complex coding
problem. I do not pick the model. Chat
LLM [music] picks for me. It analyzes my
request in milliseconds and routes to
the optimal reasoning engine. In this
case, claude for the multi-step logic.
If I switch to pure math, it pivots. It
eliminates decision fatigue entirely.
You stop guessing and start executing.
Now, let me address something my
US-based creators specifically worry
about. DeepSeek. It's an incredibly
capable model, right? But you're running
it on servers in China. For personal
projects, maybe you shrug, but for
client work or business automation, your
IP is potentially exposed. Abacus AI
solved this. They host DeepSeek and
other open- source powerhouses on their
own secure US-based servers, fully SOC2
compliant. Your prompts and workflows
never leave American infrastructure. You
get DeepSeek's raw intelligence without
the geopolitical anxiety. That peace of
mind is worth the subscription alone.
Okay, but we're content creators. Text
is not enough. We need voice. We need
video. We need speed. 11 Labs level
voiceovers are built in. Not a separate
tab. Right here. I type my script.
Select my voice. Generate. Download
immediately. AI video for short. Native
clean 3.0. Image generation. top tier
models in the same workspace. They use a
compute point system. You get 2 million
monthly points which easily covers daily
scripts, weekly voiceovers, and tons of
video clips without hitting limits. One
dashboard, one workflow, one
subscription. Now, scroll down to the
bottom left. See Deep Agent? This is
where it gets ridiculous. Most AI tools
give you a chat window. Deep Agent is an
autonomous developer. I tell it, "Build
me a functional landing page with email
capture and make it mobile responsive."
It plans the architecture, writes the
files, debugs, and deploys multi-step
reasoning without you babysitting every
prompt. Want more control? Abacus AI
Desktop gives you a full code editor
side by side with your AI. And App LLM
lets you build and host applications
without touching external servers. It's
a full stack in your browser. And for my
writers, freelancers, and students,
humanized [music] text helps your AI
content bypass detectors, making it
sound authentically human. Let's talk
numbers. Five separate tools at premium
tiers easily cost $250. Chat LLM is $10.
And because you're here from this video,
it's just $7 your first month. That's an
indictment of how badly we're being
overcharged elsewhere. Link is in the
description and pinned comment.
Chatlm.abacus.ai.
AI test the root LLM routing. See if I'm
wrong about the workflow speed. Drop in
comments which model you end up using
most. And I'll catch you in the next
one.
[music]